Link to finished codepen: https://codepen.io/bugsbrog/pen/RwgaPjb?editors=1100

    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
        Hyper Text Markup Language that are specific.
    2. What is HTML used for? 
        To structure sites on the internet.
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
        It provides additional information about elements and are located in the opening/start tag.
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
        It is the main heading of the site and should only be used once.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
        <a> and img
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
        We put the top navigation, meta tags, Title, Restes
    7. What is an id? 
        An id specifies a unique id for an HTML element and should only be used one time.
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
        You can add an id to any element but you can only add one.
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
        Once.
    10. What is a class? 
        An HTML attribute that can be used as many times as needed.
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
        You can add a class to any elements.
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
        You can use the same class on a page many times as needed.
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
        target="_blank"
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
        For screen readers and to display a description of the image if the image doesn't show.
    15. How do I reference an id?
        #
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
        A section is large and semantic and a div is just an element.
    17. What is CSS used for? 
        CSS is used for styling/customizing your website.
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
        h2{}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
        An id applies style to a single element, a class can style many elements.
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
        Use a .
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
        p.human
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
        Child selector is used to match all elements which are child of a specific element. You can apply style to the child.
    *23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
        div.sidebar a {}
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
        A pseudo selector defines the state of an element.
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
        <br>, change padding, change line height
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
        letter-spacing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
        text-transform: uppercase  text-transform: lowercase  text-transform: capitalize
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
        div{
            border: 1 px dotted black:
        }
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
        *
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
        /*comment*/
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
        pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
        ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
        rm (filename) Once you delete a file, you can't get it back.
    34. Why should I use version control? 
        So you can go back to a previous version.
    35. How often should I commit to github?
        Every 20 minutes.
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
        git push -u origin "hannah-brog'
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
        Fork the repo, clone the repo using git clone, in terminal cd into <lambda 
        project> file, git clone <link to repo>, cd into new clone repo, check out 
        with <git checkout -b "hannah-brog" Now you can add the work on your project. To commit changes use <git add .>, git commit -m "add comment", 
        git push origin -u "hannah-brog". finally submit a pull request in github.com

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 